hello youtube this is a video on how to
fix a mixer jars base or even if you
have a blade problem how to take this
apart and fix it my problem here is one
of these tabs broke as you can see
supposed to be four tabs here it broke
so it's wobbling while we're trying to
grind something and that's not going to
help so we're going to take this apart
now so the first step is to take this
little bolt off as you could see it's a
tiny little cap bolt and the size I need
is 3/8 you can also use a 10 millimeter
but it'll be a little loose 3/8 let's
see if it's perfect and just to be clear
that normally you lose it this way but
you have to do the opposite you know you
do clockwise to take it off so this I'm
going to be using a pliers and this 3/8
too so I'm going to hold this white part
and turn there so you turn it and then
from that point on it's easier to turn
once you break it loose that screws
comes up the bolt comes apart after that
take the blade out and three washes pull
them right out so we have a black one a
cap washer that has a slot that goes
exactly and on that bolt there are three
washers and from this point on what you
need to do is there's a little groove
there you need to hold that and then
turn this side clockwise so let's do
that you need some sort of a pliers to
do that
I'm going to be using a little vice
grips to hold it so out here right on
that group I'm going to put that
vice-grip locked in there and once I get
that just do a clockwise turn and it's
loose take that out as you can see it's
all busted out while this is out you
could take the whole thing out andrey
greased it i would polish it a little
bit use a little bit of sandpaper and
polish it completely that'll be nice and
smooth and you put it back right after
you take that apart you reverse the
process and put the new pot in you get
the new part from amazon it's about
three dollars i believe that's the
reason i'm doing this instead of buying
a new jar which is around $25 anyway so
you basically repeat the process put the
shaft in first and just and you screw
this counterclockwise till it's nice and
snug give it a little yank you don't
have to do too much because the mixer
rotates in the opposite direction and
that'll automatically tighten so all
three washes are back in place put the
blade on just match the shape of the
hole with the shaft and then go so
little nut remember you got to do
counterclockwise this time
right so use a 3/8 nut driver and
tighten that's it so spin smooth and
proper wobbling that's how you fix it
pretty premier or butterflies broken
base